It was the only thing I ever really wanted. And that's the sin that can't be forgiven--that I hadn't done what I wanted. It feels so dirty and pointless and monstrous, as one feels about insanity, because there's no sense to it, no dignity, nothing but pain--and wasted pain...why do they always teach us that it's easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It's the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage.
Threats will not make us function; fear is not our incentive. It is not death that we wish to avoid, but life that we wish to live.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
I swear by my life and my love of it that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
The world you desire can be won. It exists, it is real, it is possible, it's yours.
Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I'.
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody has decided not to see.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
There was madness in any direction, at any hour. You could strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right, that we were winning... And that, I think, was the handle — that sense of inevitable victory over the forces of Old and Evil. Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't need that. Our energy would simply PREVAIL.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
